---
layout: archive
title: Lean Prover Zulip Chat Archive
permalink: archive/218272FoMMLeanTogether2020/03554Notesofmaintainersmeeting.html
---

<h2>Stream: <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/218272FoMMLeanTogether2020/index.html">FoMM / Lean Together 2020</a>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/218272FoMMLeanTogether2020/03554Notesofmaintainersmeeting.html">Notes of maintainers meeting?</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com">

{% raw %}
<a name="185368432"></a>
<h4><a href="https://leanprover.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/218272-FoMM%20/%20Lean%20Together%202020/topic/Notes%20of%20maintainers%20meeting%3F/near/185368432" class="zl"><img src="https://leanprover-community.github.io/assets/img/zulip2.png" alt="view this post on Zulip"></a> <a href="https://leanprover-community.github.io/archive/218272FoMMLeanTogether2020/03554Notesofmaintainersmeeting.html#185368432">Yury G. Kudryashov (Jan 11 2020 at 01:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>It would be nice if someone will write down (brief) notes of what was discussed/decided during the maintainers meeting at FoMM.</p>


{% endraw %}

{% include archive_update.html %}