[
    {
        "content": "<p>Regarding 1, why don't we have CI add this automatically for new PRs? We already print a warning for such files, so surely adding the label wouldn't be much extra to implement and would save people forgetting or not seeing the above post.</p>",
        "id": 348095631,
        "sender_full_name": "Alex J. Best",
        "timestamp": 1681076892
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Because making the CI to add the label requires a github token, and I didn't want to grant one from my personal account. If we could use github apps instead to authenticate (which is certainly possible) this problem would go away.</p>",
        "id": 348095776,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Wieser",
        "timestamp": 1681077016
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We already have a workflow that detects the modified files. It would be great if it added the label too!</p>",
        "id": 348095810,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Wieser",
        "timestamp": 1681077043
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I guess I'm a bit confused, we already have a lot of actions that do things with labels, why would this one require a personal token?</p>",
        "id": 348096332,
        "sender_full_name": "Alex J. Best",
        "timestamp": 1681077517
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Every action that does stuff with labels requires a token I think; we just usually use a bot's \"personal\" token</p>",
        "id": 348096670,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Wieser",
        "timestamp": 1681077729
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>5 messages were moved here from <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"113488\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/113488-general/topic/New.20policy.20regarding.20mathlib3.20PRs.20that.20touch.20ported.20files\">#general &gt; New policy regarding mathlib3 PRs that touch ported files</a> by <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"310045\">Eric Wieser</span>.</p>",
        "id": 348096727,
        "sender_full_name": "Notification Bot",
        "timestamp": 1681077789
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>What do you mean by \"a bots\" token? I would think using <code>${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}</code> like we do elsewhere would work with no additional setup</p>",
        "id": 348096855,
        "sender_full_name": "Alex J. Best",
        "timestamp": 1681077874
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, is that all we do? I thought it didn't have enough permissions to edit issues. I would be very happy for you to prove me wrong by making a PR that adds support for this!</p>",
        "id": 348097172,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Wieser",
        "timestamp": 1681078129
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><a href=\"https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib/pull/18782\">#18782</a> seems to work now. Its pretty basic (e.g. if you stop modifying a ported file it won't remove the label</p>",
        "id": 348100036,
        "sender_full_name": "Alex J. Best",
        "timestamp": 1681079933
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It would also be nice to restore the <code>merge-conflict</code> label management.</p>",
        "id": 348178847,
        "sender_full_name": "YaÃ«l Dillies",
        "timestamp": 1681121352
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I think that was much harder because it had to run on a Cron job and used up our API quota</p>",
        "id": 348180447,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Wieser",
        "timestamp": 1681121940
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Looks like we made a typo in the label name, <a href=\"https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib/pull/18788\">#18788</a></p>",
        "id": 348236223,
        "sender_full_name": "Eric Wieser",
        "timestamp": 1681138258
    }
]